-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-  Eeedit 0.2.2 README                                                        -
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Eedit provides a way for external editors to be used by the Eclipse platform
and be aware of eclipse and make use of its features That is it allows
external editors to be tightly integrated into Eclipse. It does this through 
the use of the Netbeans external editor protocol which defines a standard way
for editors and IDE's to exchange information. This requires support for this
protocol in the editor as well with currently Vim and XEmacs providing support
for the protocol.

Note though that at the moment as this project is in its very early stages
only Vim is supported. Also while Eclipse supports a variety of languages
these days, we only support Java at the moment.

The difference between using an editor that supports the protocol through this
plugin compared to just using the usual external editor feature of Eclipse is
that in the former situation the editor and Eclipse are partially aware of each
other and integrated. This enables Eclipse to provide information to the 
editor, such as compilation errors. It also allows greater interaction between
the two at the user interface as Eclipse can issue commands to the editor such
as 'go to this line in the file'. The usual external editor feature of Eclipse
just provides a convenient way to launch your favorite editor. It in no way
integrates them together.

Project Web Site
----------------

http://code.google.com/p/eeedit/

At the web site there is more information to help with setting up and using
eeedit, if you have trouble then please head here as the documentation is
more detailed and includes screen shots.


Requirements
------------

 * Eclipse (Version 3.2 or later).
An installation equivalent to the 'Classic' distribution (in Eclipse 3.3
terms). This basically means the Eclipse SDK and Java Development tools.
 
 * Vim (Version 7.0 or later).
Needs GVim built with it as well as support for the Netbeans protocol.
 
 
Installation
------------

To install the plugin just copy the 'plugins' folder into the Eclipse directory
and start Eclipse.

Setting Up
----------

First you have to tell Eclipse where your copy of Vim lives. Go to Eclipses
preferences page and go to the Eedit preference page, tell it where your copy
of the gvim executable is.

Usage
-----

Open files like normal and they should open in vim. You can also right click on
a file and then select the editor to open it with. Vim should appear in this
list.

Limitations
-----------

This project is in its very early stages and is not suitable for daily use,
although we are very happy for you to try (just send us all the bug reports
please).

 * Only support Vim at moment.
 * Only support Java (with Eclipse) at moment.
 * Very little integration of Eclipse and Vim. At the moment it nearly works
   just like Eclipses standard external editor support.

Bugs
----

We have not encountered any loss of data but be warned that we make no
guarantee that it won't happen.

 * Threading issue - Vim tells Eclipse all the changes you make to a file
 as they occur so that Eclipse can provide all of its features. There are
 some issues with the updating of Eclipses view of the file currently but
 you should'nt be able to notice them.
 
 * Bad Shutdown - If Vim or Eclipse doesn't shutdown nicely then the vim
 swap file will be left behind causing Vim to complain when it starts up.
 This is an issue since sometimes Vim doesn't shutdown properly due to a
 fault of ours.

 